Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China Show. I'm Ivon Man
with David and Glenn.
>> Good morning. Let's get your top stories
today. Bonds on the up. Stocks are muted
as traders shrugging off inflation fears
even as latest Fed minutes show that
price pressures remain a top concern for
policy makers.
>> BU sales slide the most in about 3 years
as a slowing Chinese economy caps its
ability to fight bigger rivals in AI.
Also ahead, HKX chief Bonnie Chan tells
us renewed global investor appetite will
help sustain the market's boom after the
exchange operator reports record
profits.
>> And more on earnings now, we speak to
top executives from investment firm
Sahung Kai and Chinese vaccine maker Ken
Sinobiologics.
[Music]
Good morning. Welcome to the program.
We're going into the open today. A
reversal really of what the picture
looked like this time yesterday where
there was really a sort of a downdraft
across some of the tech and uh tech
heavy gauges. We'll talk about chips in
a moment, but as you can see, we're
getting a bounce in Korea. We are
getting a bounce at the open uh over in
Taiwan. That is though not enough to
lift the overall benchmark as we head
into this black hole of information in
Jackson Hole. We'll talk more about that
and what that means. Flip the boards
please and have a look at the chip place
as well. Everything from SKH highix all
the way down to TSMC. NASDAQ futures
coming up bottom of the screens. You
have advant
210 of 1% well about 1% on the T on
TSMC. So it doesn't seem like we'll be
needing to talk about the 50-day moving
average. We'll see whether or not we do
get a retest of that to the downside as
support. Samsung's at 1.7 and as you can
see Adventest is leading some of the
gainers over in the Tokyo side of
things. Flip the page please. the
dollar. Interestingly, if you're you're
geeking out on risk reversals, for
example, right, bullish skew for the
first time since July on BBDXI, one
month, by the way, uh 10ear yield
unchanged there. Again, Fed's minutes do
show that on balance, it's really
inflation concerns over the weak labor
market that seem to maybe pull back some
of the bets, right, going into Jackson
Hole. As far as the Fed conversation
goes, 102 right now in Singapore, iron
ore, uh very very quickly the approach
to the open today, it's still we're in
the thick of earning season. So PopMart,
BYU, Laoo, Gold, among the many other
names we'll track today. A50 futures are
punching higher. In case you missed it,
CSI 300 yesterday closed at the highest
level since 2022. Six straight days now
of turnover uh north of two trillion.
And of course, we are seeing some
strength coming through in the Hong Kong
dollar on the back of the biggest move
to the downside on Hong Kong. I think
going back to I think May 14.
>> Yeah, you're starting to see that gap
between US rates and Hong Kong rates
narrow just a little bit, right? Just
given the rise in hiber of late. We'll
see if that lasts here for now, but
certainly that is on the agenda here
today. So, we talked about this ashare
market rally despite what we saw
externally about the tech selloff and
the like. You know, really the share
market continued to outperform. So did
Hong Kong given some of these big moves
that we mentioned about. So tech biotech
certainly is one thing. Lee Chang did
visit some some one of the biotech labs
yesterday. So maybe it was boosting
support in that sector as well. Popart
was a crazy move yesterday, right? All
it took was two words, mini laboo and it
reversed the stock to a record high.
Bidu might be on the opposite story
there today given the earnings that came
out here as well. We mentioned about the
weakness in the currency in Hong Kong uh
given that high bore surge as well. We
have inflation numbers coming through in
Hong Kong and Wangi in Pakistan as well
and still some earnings to tell you
about Dave.
>> Yeah, there's a ton on deck today. IFly
Tech Qua Show Billy Billy as far as the
sort of outdoor in sports theme is
concerned which has done well by the way
when you look at antisports as a stock
itself there. A lot of names are coming
out with earnings. So I guess this will
be market reaction stories tomorrow and
of course we're looking at a lot of
market reaction stories going into today
uh with the likes of BU as Ivon was just
pointing out. Uh we talked about this
popart story, right? So I think the move
yesterday was a three sigma move.
Interesting is we right before the
briefing started stock was actually
down.
>> There was all this concern about
long-term popularity of Laboos, right?
And that was maybe why we saw a bit of a
maybe profit taking among traders for
that really that very stock. But then
again, it was during this earnings call
where they mentioned about sales targets
when they talked about mint smaller lab
boooos that you could hang on your phone
case
>> and that completely changed the
trajectory.
>> Yeah, but now you won't be able
>> just make them smaller.
>> Yes, for once it worked. And now but now
you can't put your phone in your
pockets.
>> It's okay,
>> right? That's how
>> it can hang out the pocket.
>> Well, hang it on your belt loop then.
Yeah,
>> but yeah,
>> I've seen NBA players do that. Actually,
something that you can think about,
David, as a trend.
>> What?
>> You want to get on the boo.
>> Oh, okay. I said to join the NBA. It's a
bit too late for me. And I'm also
vertically challenged as far as that's
concerned. So,
>> I wasn't talking about NBA. No, no.
Okay. Anyway, um, so a couple of things
on deck today. So, uh, obviously Fed
inflation, well, Fed minutes talking
about inflation as being one of the
concerns and certainly more than the
labor market. And I guess that goes into
our insights into what J. P might
actually say and will he commit fully
and it doesn't look like he'll be able
to given the Fed minutes coming through.
Uh the separate story as far as the Fed
goes of course Lisa Cook and Donald
Trump and concerns around some of the
documentation as far as mortgages I
believe was concerned there.
>> Yeah. She's been accused of mortgage
fraud, but she's coming through saying
look I'm not going to have any pressure
to step down. Yeah.
>> Right now. But it does lead to a lot of
questions about what is going to be
discussed at Jackson Hole may not just
be about monetary policy. Right. You
have basically the Avengers of central
bankers that are be convening there. The
clits of Christine Lagard, Andrew
Bailey, and they're probably going to be
defending what is central bank
independence like they did in CRA, but
this time on US soil, which I think is
quite rare because before you really
didn't have to do that.
>> No.
>> Uh up until late maybe.
>> Well, it's a different world we live in
right now. It certainly hasn't been a
normal year, a normal summer. you know
the IPO story had a fantastic
conversation of course with Bonnie Chan
which will play in a bit full later on
but yes among the many many things she
mentioned as well have a listen to to to
what she had to say there
>> international investors are really again
focusing on China assets and I think uh
as they you know try to come back to
treasure hunt uh it is a very good thing
that we have equally a robust pipeline
to match their appetite
>> okay so what other things you think are
a key takeaway here going today?
>> I think what what she said was the most,
you know, catching for me was the fact
that she said international investors
are really
>> riding along with this wave.
>> Yeah.
>> And that's something that she hasn't
seen in some time. And I think that's
why if you ask the sustainability
question of this equity rally,
>> that's the one thing she pins her sort
of bets on right now and what gives her
confidence that perhaps they could still
maybe reclaim the IPO crown once again.
But she says, "No, I'm not looking to be
number one or number two. You know, I
just really want to focus on the trend
right now and bringing more companies to
list."
>> Yeah. If they do it right,
>> she's going to say that, but yes,
they're on track.
>> I'm sure they don't mind being number
one if they
>> Nobody Nobody doesn't Yeah.
>> if things fall into place. Uh just one
last thing before we just uh go into the
break here as well. So you have China
market turnover. We talked about this.
The market's picking up. Ivonne is
pointing out foreign investor
participation in this rally. Asia
market, right? So six days going into
yesterday of north of two trillion
turnover. Uh so we'll continue to track
this very closely. Obviously A&H share
premiums as well. Southbond flows
earnings reaction plus of course what's
been we've been seeing in the CGB market
with 10ear yields at 178 right now. Lots
of on deck as we go into uh the Thursday
session just uh about 20 uh minutes
away. Right. Coming up here on shows,
Sunungai reporting a 10-fold increase in
half year interim profit driven by gains
in its investment banking investment
management business. And of course,
we'll be speaking with Tony Edwards
next. He's coming on shows in a couple
of minutes. Any questions for him? By
the way, to our viewers and clients, you
know how to get them in reach us. We're
counting down to the open of trade here,
Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here in Hong
Kong, 20 good minutes away. This is the
China show. Good morning.
[Music]
Fluctuations of the market are mostly
related to psychological fluctuations.
uh and uh and people go from uh
neutrality to liking stocks to liking
them a lot to liking them a ton to
liking them too much. And uh that's the
continuation that creates uh bubbles and
uh you know we're we probably in the
early days of that.
There we go. You might know him, the
Tower Marks of Oak Tree Capital. Um,
sounding the alarm on US stocks. Again,
to paraphrase, right? Early signs of a
bubble, but no c no visible catalyst
that might actually pop the bubble. So,
>> but things look expensive, he said.
>> Yeah.
>> Particularly in tech. I mean, when you
look at that, yeah, it's and I think the
price moves we've seen this week is
reflective of that concentration risk in
US assets, right?
>> Yeah, certainly is. Uh let's talk a
little bit about the investment side of
things and maybe talk to Hong Kong
listed investment firm Sunong Kai has
reported a tenfold increase in first
half profit. The company says a strong
recovery was primarily driven by its
investment management business. Joining
us exclusively now is executive director
and deputy CEO Tony Edwards. Tony, it's
great to have you back on the program.
10-fold increase. I you know nothing to
really be sad about there, but tell us a
bit more about what really stood out to
you this this time. Well, I think what
really stood out to us was the the fact
that the, you know, the transition we've
been making over the last couple of
years is really uh really kicking in
now. I think we have a strong proof
statement here that our strategy is
right. Um income was 2.8 billion. Um as
you said, uh profits were about 928
million versus about 97 million last
year. Uh strong EPS uh and strong uh
continued strong support for the
dividend uh which we uh will continue to
support. I think that the the strategies
have been about uh being having a
resilient balance sheet, being very
conservative uh in our um in our
business businesses uh continue to
invest in risk management, investing in
operational efficiencies, uh investing
in our investment capabilities as well.
So finding the right opportunities uh
because the world is uh as Mr. Marks was
saying uh the world is very complex. Uh
I do think we're going to continue to
see um a a lot of volatility uh created
with uh the trade negotiations with
what's happening in China and China's uh
improvement uh is not going to be a
straight line um as are other
geopolitical issues and I think that's
going to bear on us and I we also worry
about inflation as well um and uh we're
not that optimistic about interest
rates. So in that environment, the good
thing is that we're performing well. And
I think that's what I want to keep us
doing is performing well in an
environment that's hard and delivering
for our shareholders. You know, we've
returned a lot of capital to
shareholders over the years. And we want
to continue to do that um in a way
that's systematic and uh and leaning
into our uh investment capabilities. And
I think strategically what I what we're
also doing is is monetizing those
capabilities in different ways. you
know, we're we're providing we're we're
solely focused on alternatives. We
invest a lot in hedge funds, in private
equity, in credit strategies, and
special situations. All of those
investments have been positive uh and
and and providing us strong returns. And
the reason why that is is that we we've
got a systematic processes, right,
>> that allow us to find good
opportunities. uh when we when when
we've finally uh liquidate them or exit
from them, it's kind of a little bit out
of our hands in terms of the window. Uh
but we we're invested well in those
opportunities in difficult times. And
that's where you find I think the the
best um opportunities for the capital
that we have and our and our clients
capital. the are you do you think you'll
need to allocate more into into
alternatives given the environment you
just pointed out right where it it seems
that if rates remain high and inflation
comes back or remains the same the
stocks and bonds are not going to do
well in public markets and I wonder if
you're prepared to allocate more and
also are you prepared to then take the
liquidity premium hit as well
>> yeah absolutely and I think what we're
driving is uh collaboration that's
what's driving the opportunity we're
we're collaborating uh internally
between the teams and working together
but also externally with our limited
partners and also our our GPS because
not only do we invest in funds but we
invest in GPS so GPS that want to grow
and develop their investment
capabilities
uh we provide them seeding capital uh
working capital growth capital um and
also invest in their co-investments
uh and that allows us to have a really
granular insight into what they're doing
and that helps us find good risk return
and that's what we're focused on is risk
the the right level of risk for the for
better levels of return.
>> So we're we have a credit uh heritage
and that kind of lends us to being to
focus on the downside protection. So you
can see how well we should perform in
environments like this which are very
complex uh which are very difficult to
time. We don't we don't try to do that.
Um and what we're trying to do is also
monetize these investment capabilities
not in terms of uh the growth on the or
the impact on that our own balance sheet
but to help our clients and to help our
GPS and that's why you know the asset
management business has seen about 100
million US a month about $600 million of
new assets we're up to 2.6 six billion
that are focused in uh on third party
and that growth's come from our own
capabilities our own funds. So our hedge
fund a fund latitude alpha has performed
very well about 7% in the first half of
the year and continues to perform well
>> neutral strategy one
>> and that's yeah the equity neutral is
actray partners uh
>> sorry okay yes
>> actray partners fantastic strategy
continues to perform month in month out
so that's what we want so through
liberation day events and market
volatility we want to see a positive or
a flat return and that that's to us is
is capturing
the opportunity that that we want
>> and that did we're just showing it on
the screens visually as well that did
really did drive you know a lot of the
financial gains that you guys mentioned
talk to us about the credit business
though because that's somewhat more
cyclical yeah in nature what's the
what's the outlook then how are you
managing those risks
>> oh the the the credit business is is
going is is in a very tough environment
I mean I mean you saw the unemployment
numbers the other day in Hong Kong and
the credit business is is got uh 50 or
so offices in Hong Kong and uh about 12
to 13 offices in in China. We're uh the
biggest non-bank money lender in uh in
Hong Kong. Uh and a strong a very strong
brand and franchise here. Um and that um
saw a slight dip in in profits to about
308 so $380 million from about 420 in
the last half um uh first half of last
year. Uh and the issues there are
related to the economic situation we're
in. I think um although we've made
140,000 loans in the first half of the
year uh and we've seen uh continued to
invest in our risk uh and our
operational framework and managing our
costs and it certainly helped the high
ball rates over the half year. It
certainly helped us in that respect
until recently. Well, they're still
pretty good.
>> Uh and the uh you know but but it's all
there. It's about uh managing managing
the risk, knowing your customer, having
the right systems, and we're applying
things like AI now into that business
that helps us underwrite uh the
investments we're making. And that that
loan book has been has been pretty flat
over the last 6 months. And I'd imagine
uh my colleagues there will continue to,
you know, remain cautious but open for
business. Yeah.
>> And profitable business and lending
well, lending to people that um are
going to be able to pay you back. It's
pretty pretty simple business.
>> Well, that's the hope.
>> Yeah.
>> I was going to get your take on on the
investment management side of things
which was really driven by
>> the fact that you had two exit events
from some of the investments that you've
made. One that's listed here in Hong
Kong. Obviously, it's been a very very
robust IPO market. Um, but there seems
to be more of a warming of sentiment
around Chinese assets overall.
>> Yes.
>> Um, what what are you seeing there? I
mean, and what and what exposure do you
still have now in China or still have?
Well, our our investment management book
is probably is very well diversified.
So, we have about a third uh in the US,
a third in this region, and another
third in in the UK and Europe. So, we're
we're very much a global investor. Um,
and that diversification is really
important to us as a as a strategic sort
of risk control. Um, I think what's
really important is we have the right
people in the right teams. We have a
strong embedded uh investment uh culture
uh which is seeking that uh downside
protection and and upside exposure in
terms of the the symmetry of returns. Uh
and we're we're they're running
processes that are systematic uh that
allow us to take advantage of
opportunities uh in a manner that's
repeatable. and they're applying they're
using a lot of data a lot of analytical
work that goes into our underwriting and
the uh our investment committee manage
that that process I think really
effectively. So we would look at over a
thousand deals a year and probably make
20 investments 25 investments. So, it's
a we really refine it and if we really
focus on getting the right um getting to
the right opportunity because ultimately
if the markets do shut down, you want to
be owning a good business that'll
continue to compound its growth and that
and until the until the markets open up.
But but certainly, you know, China's uh
sentiment has improved year on year. the
markets are certainly more more open and
and open to uh the opportunities that uh
the recovery in in China will present um
over time,
>> right?
>> But I think that could be you know that
that time frame of recovery could could
be longer than we think
>> and I'd certainly be er we're we're ing
towards that more cautious position.
Okay. And that in order to take take
advantage of that. What what's the sense
among your in you know with your
conversations within your investment
committee on you know we just heard from
Howard Marks there talking about how
maybe early signs of a US bubble I know
you guys you just mentioned you have a
third exposure in the US of your so how
are you guys looking at that uh and also
to your me the point you just made on
you're conservative in China for the
longest time global investors have been
underweight China and I wonder whether
now if you missed this initial boat you
keep a safe distance for now what's just
your your broader thoughts on both Yeah.
Well, I think what we're trying to do as
I said is do things in a systematic way.
It's very datadriven, very deep analyst
anal research having the right people uh
in the right spots uh giving them the
right tools and incentivizing. I mean
alignment's really important to us uh as
is access and govern governance in terms
of transparency and accountability. I
think once you've got those those
factors in place, you're in a good place
to make a decision. M um and and I think
what what we're trying to do is focus on
what are the good opportunities and not
having to do make an investment. I mean
the difference between a principal and a
capital allocator is a principal doesn't
need to make an investment right
>> you know an allocator does to get paid
they need to invest the money we don't
need to invest the money and the worst
thing we could do is make a bad
investment so we're happy buying good
companies investing into good risk
return opportunities and uh waiting and
learning uh and continuing to compound
those returns um and in whether it's in
the we do the same in the US or in this
part of the world. Uh
>> yeah, it still remains to be that.
>> Yeah, it is. But we're also trying to
work with the smartest people, right? So
our our GPS in the US, we'll we'll talk
to them and work with them on
investments. And that allows us to be
better informed and closer to the truth
>> uh and and make better decisions for
ourselves and for our clients. And what
we're trying to do in our asset
management business is create uh is take
that collaboration and create solutions.
solutions for our ourselves, solutions
for our LPs, and also solutions for our
GPS. So, we've just funded a a really
interesting business in um a credit
business in Australia called uh
Wentworth Capital Partners. Fantastic
track record in equities. We've just
invested in their to enable them to uh
open up a a a debt uh vertical and
they've just hired a team that has
started recently and that and that's the
sort of opportunity we like. Tony, we
gota leave it there, but thank you. Tony
Edwards, executive director and deputy
CEO of Sonai and Co. And there's more
earnings coming up to tell you about. We
speak exclusively with the Ken Sino
Biologic CEO after they reported a
narrower first half loss as well as the
outlook for the company and the biotech
sector in China. Much more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. The fix of the day
was out strongest since November of last
year. We now have a 712 handle as far as
the uh fixing is concerned. Apart from
that, some stocks were tracking going
into
>> the pop mark continues to pop that one,
huh? After what we heard from the CEO
yesterday talking about Yes. mini lab
boooos and yeah sales target we can
easily make they said bu opposite story
given we're seeing when it comes to
disappointment in AI and the like there
we are seeing the shares down some close
to 2% the open is next
[Music]
Welcome back. The Thursday session is
just under a minute away and you know
the well the Asian market continues to
be the main story uh across the greater
Chinese markets. Within that of course
we have some reports CSJ reporting that
the intention of insurers to increase
allocations there. We are likely going
to get a higher open today. I'm looking
at initial pricing 31% on the CSI 300
after Ivon. of course the highest close
since 2022 I believe on the benchmark.
>> Yeah. So it continues to be an up arrow
story here and certainly earnings I
think has been sort of the key driver a
lot of these stock prices that we've
seen we talk about PotMar we're talking
about BU here certainly there's still a
lot on tap like quai show billy billion
in terms of the tech space as well and
we're still waiting for Baba uh to
announce their results as well. So
certainly there's a still a lot on tap
here and despite what we're seeing in
external markets, what you're seeing in
the US and this tech sell off that
continues. Mind you, it wasn't as
riskoff as previous sessions, but still
you are still seeing some profit taking
when it comes to the mega caps overall
in the US, but seems to be still a
pretty robust sort of rally that you're
seeing across onore markets. We're up
about a third of 1% here right now as
Dave mentioned there. Uh we did close at
the highest we've seen since 2022. Uh
and we're watching very closely. It
seems like once again bonds are being
sold off. There has been some local
reports also talking about the concerns
that you're seeing the meltup in yields
and what this means for redemptions as
well uh among some of the bond space. So
certainly that's something to to keep in
mind of as well. Commodities seem to be
doing a little bit better here this
morning. Uh there was some concern
yesterday about tariffs around steel and
the like here from the US Trump
administration. So certainly one to
watch, but there you go. Iron or is up
1% here again. Crude is also up some 1%.
Uh we're watching very closely what
happens in Hong Kong. So we talked about
PopMart. That was a great story
yesterday, wasn't it? Right. Wasn't it?
We were talking so much closely about,
you know, the stock was down after the
earnings despite these blowout numbers.
And then again, it it's quickly rotated
and shot up to a record high. So that
just goes to show earnings are really
driving a lot of the price action here.
Just given the slow news before we
countdown to Jackson Hole, those Fed
minutes you can kind of brush aside as
as old and dated because yes, it did
that meeting actually came before that
surprise US jobs report, right? So
certainly that means we are brushing off
some of the inflation concerns. Uh Hong
Kong's will give a bit quieter though
and we are pretty much flat. So HStech
is slightly selling off here this
morning. So Baba, BU, Mtoan and Xiaomi
are lower here. BU is down some 2.6%. So
that is certainly an earning story,
right? So it seems like when it comes to
AI, they're still kind of dragging among
some of the bigger names as well. Uh of
course search has also been encroached
too. We'll talk a bit more about later
given to some of the likes of Tik Tok
and the like. So certainly that company
continues to face multiple sorts of
headwinds there. And here you go. Stocks
in focus includes the likes of Hong Kong
Exchange. So you know we had record uh
second quarter record first half as well
as we talked to Bonnie Chen about
yesterday. So the stock is still
continues to be higher here today. Cano
Biologics that net loss was narrower.
We'll be talking to the top uh boss
there coming up a little bit later on.
Lpoo gold that's another great story
here right earnings were strong. you
continue to see, you know, when high
luxury seems to be losing market share
and the like. It seems like the likes of
Lapu Gold is kind of eating that up here
right now amongst middle class shoppers
that are really liking this whole
heritage gold sort of thing, right? I
got to end on PopMart, right? We'll see
how is it popping ones again, guys. I
think it is.
>> Yeah.
>> Um, so all you got to say is mini Laboos
and there you go.
>> The stock is above 315 317 here right
now. Um because it seems like we were
all challen you know people are saying
if you want to think about anything
that's wrong with this stock is that
maybe people are just still questioning
how long this whole popularity along the
boooos can last right and you mentioned
one thing of just making them smaller
and maybe new products and there you go
sends the stock flying again record
highs
>> yeah but you can't follow that formula
>> into the infinite right because at some
point you can't see them if you just
keep
>> I wonder if the CEO was just kind of
>> smaller right So, I think this is about
the same
>> ideal size, right? Isn't the Lubu about
the size now?
>> No, they're bigger than that.
>> Are they bigger than this?
>> Yeah. So, making them smaller, I think,
is smart, right? I mean, it could hang
on your phone case now.
>> Um, yeah. So, lots of ways to do it.
But, yeah, I I was wondering if he was
just keeping that in his pocket just in
case.
>> Yeah.
>> He, you know, this the stock wasn't
doing well. Maybe he could just, you
know,
>> that's one of Minman's favorite things.
Um, by the way, Minman joins us right
now. Not to talk about that, but we're
talking about BU here. Of course, it's
and certainly the the juxtaposition of
those two diverging stories between the
dar previous darlings of Chinese
investors, the big tech, right? And now,
of course, this new consumption theme,
affordable luxury as some people call
it. You had this quarterly revenue
actually falling the most in about three
years on uh on bu you can see shares are
actually uh to the downside right now.
You had a big drop of course overnight.
Uh and yeah, it's this uh what what does
it what does the economic downturn tell
you about their ability to commercialize
and capitalize
uh AI for example? In fact, let's bring
in Minman right now to help us
understand uh investor psyche around
these earnings today. Yeah, the stock
continu continuing to decline on the
screens just now. But yes, the company
just managed to meet expectations on
revenue, but it's a 4% decline on year
and it's seeing this robust growth,
especially on its cloud services. We are
seeing double digit growth there for
several quarters already, but that is a
low margin business, right? And it's
still not enough to offset the declines
that we are seeing in its core bread and
butter business, which is the search
engine business. the ad sales there down
by 15% on year a very big drop a part of
it is the economic slowdown but also
it's losing market share to you know the
likes of Towin um and all of these
social media platforms like Xiaoongu I
mean I barely have friends who still use
BU to search for things now people just
type things into the social media
platform to to look for answers so
that's why it's losing out you know you
look at operating profits uh operating
uh income down by 41% margins under
pressure as well so overall uh the
outlook remaining pretty challenged. You
can see on the screen that investors are
partnering BU for it's been trailing the
other competitors like Alibaba and
Tencent in terms of share price this
year.
>> Okay, let's talk about AI, right?
They're still pledging to really invest
in AI despite the fact that there's
pressure on revenue.
>> Yeah, I mean AI is a long game, right,
that they have to play. So the CFO says
that yes, uh the they are not ready for
large scale monetization yet, but they
are still pledging to invest more in AI.
Um but you look at Ernie chatbot bu used
to be the leader there is the first
chatbot to drop in China but now it's
facing a lot of competition from the big
players like bite dun and Alibaba I mean
these are companies that have far larger
firepower and international footprint as
well but it's also facing competition
from the smaller upstarts the more
nimble ones I'm talking about those AI
native apps um and so it's really
struggling to catch up it's forced by to
really abandon its subscription model
for Ernie it's forced the company to
abandon or to open source its
proprietary Ernie model. Um, but still
the company is hoping that at least
Ernie can underpin the growth in the
cloud business. But elsewhere when it
comes to AIdriven business, it also has
this robo taxi unit Apollo that's doing
pretty well seeing double uh more than
double the amount of driverless rights
uh in the second quarter and the
company's hoping to accelerate expansion
there to Singapore and Malaysia this
year. They're also doing trials in Hong
Kong already.
>> Minman, thank you so much. Min low
there, our China correspondent. Now for
you know a quick look at what's going on
across financial media and what's being
covered there as well and certainly the
the topic of this rally has been really
front and center of what's investor
mindsets and psyche. You had the
securities journal reporting today, in
fact just this morning here that Chinese
insurers, a big buyer of course of the
equity market rally, are expected to
increase their equity investments even
further this year with a focus on high
dividend which is mostly the banks, not
all of course and the tech stocks,
that's the garbble strategy, right?
That's mainly a because of a recent fall
in interest rates. Analyst quoted in the
story also sites policy support for
long-term funds stock investments and a
hunt uh for yields. Yeah, I think it's a
great quote from Stanart in their latest
report on why we're seeing, you know,
this dichconomy between, you know, weak
fundamentals but then equity markets
that continue to charge higher. He
called it
Robertson, I the guy that says it, he
called it basically an asset allocation
trade, right? Because when you don't
have you're not getting income from
bonds,
>> you can't put in the property market.
It's almost like you have these record
household savings that need to go
somewhere and they're being almost
forced to be put into the Chinese equity
market in some ways. And so I I love the
way that he termed it an asset
allocation trade.
>> Yeah. I mean Eric Robertson's always
fantastic. Always great. Yeah. The SMS
note that comes out every every Sunday I
believe, right? Yeah. It's something
Sunday reading.
>> Yeah. Gets us ready for the gets us
ready for the week and you know ju just
to also mention right. So we would talk
about how does this rally make sense
given the economic reality. If you look
at the two best performing well three
best performing sectors there it does
make sense given the economic
environment. High dividend yields. You
have tech stocks where you have
visibility and of course that's where
you have investor for investor interest
and biotech where you have a lot the
innovation
>> and we did talk to Bonnie Chan from Hong
Kong Exchange about that right they
announced a lot of new listing rules
when it comes to specialist tech and
biotech.
>> Yes.
>> And that really has been quite
successful for them and it is the best
performing sector really uh in in Hong
Kong this year. And she talked about I
think there was still about a dozen or
more
>> uh companies that they're looking in the
biotech space as well. That certainly
could be quite interesting. So, let's
get more from that conversation with
Bonnie Chen. She's confident that the
IPO boom in Hong Kong will continue
thanks to international investors
renewed appetite for Chinese assets. The
Hong Kong Exchange Co also told us how
the exchange plans to sustain its strong
performance following a record profit in
the second quarter.
>> You know what really uh stands out for
me for this quarter is the fact that
it's riding on a a pretty sustained
momentum. If you uh look at our results,
this is actually another set of record
uh halfearly results. Um we deliver
pretty strong set already for the second
half of 2024. Gradually we're seeing a
return of interest from international
investors and they want to again look
for opportunities to deploy more capital
to this part of the world.
>> The key question is is it sustainable?
What could extend this streak? We saw
this momentum started uh actually in the
second half of last year and so far it's
been sustaining quite well.
International investors are really again
focusing on China assets and I think uh
as they you know try to come back to
treasure hunt. Uh it is a very good
thing that we have equally a robust
pipeline to match their appetite. We
have currently over 200 uh companies um
already having filed their applications
and in fact you know on a daily basis
I'm speaking to a lot more. So I think
you know with the backdrop of you know
really the the interest returning uh in
earnest as well as you know all these
very exciting investment opportunities
coming online. I do hope that the uh
momentum can carry on. How confident are
you that Hong Kong can reclaim the
number one IPO venue this year?
>> At the moment, we're in a very good
position. Um, and we do have the
pipeline uh to, you know, help us
deliver and stay up there. Um, but you
know, to me, the more important thing
really is to make sure that we are able
to support the fundraising needs of
these companies. And this year, I keep
talking about the IPO pipeline. We also
need to look at the follow on
fundraising which in fact has raised
more money um than the IPO proceeds. So
year to date we have raised about 16
billion US close to 17 for you know uh
by way of IPOs but we have actually more
than $40 billion US raised by companies
already listed on our exchange. So long
as we continue to support the uh
fundraising needs of these companies, we
continue to improve our listing
framework.
>> Are you still doing a lot of marketing
or do you think companies are starting
to come to you now?
>> Well, I I think both. I mean, companies
certainly I think uh saw how well we've
done in the uh IPO space and so I think
on the average I probably meet two to
three companies per day. And uh I want
to expand the universe a little bit. I
think it's very encouraging that in the
past few months we have seen an
increased appetite of companies uh
beyond just the mainland China wanting
to pick Hong Kong as their listing
venue. So year to date we've listed
companies from Thailand, from Singapore
uh and there are more in the pipeline.
So I certainly will uh do more in terms
of this marketing activity. there are
those out there that that do call this
recovery you're seeing as something
that's made in China that you know what
you're seeing in terms of the pipeline
has been really driven by government
policy geopolitics
>> well first of all I don't think I'm I'm
surprised I mean just considering that
China is the second largest economy of
the world and it's capable of producing
so many exciting companies which
investors around the world want to
invest in right so to me whether I mean
it's It's natural and totally um
understandable, you know, this made in
China phenomena. Um but that said, I
mean, given that Hong Kong is an
international financial center and we
stand in the middle as a super connector
between mainland China and the rest of
the world, what I would like to see is
to really continue um bringing more uh
participants into the universe.
And that was Hong Kong Exchange CEO
Bonnie Chan there, of course. And that
means it's basically no vacations in
August, right? You take a look at how
things were a year ago versus now. I
think we talked to some bankers out
there and said basically I had to cancel
my vacation plans this summer.
>> Yeah.
>> Summer. What summer?
>> Oh, yeah. And haven't they had
>> few good few good years of freedom?
>> Yeah. In fact, the last few years have
been extreme entire summers really. So,
they're just really cost averaging their
I mean their their days at work.
>> Money Chan can meet two companies a day.
I think these bankers should be happy
with the work that's coming through.
>> Yeah, it's a it's a good problem to
have, right? It's a good problem. I
mean, but separately, of course, there's
a conversation around fees fees falling.
>> Yeah.
>> But but at least there is fees to talk
about.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. Like I think things are really,
really, really back in the city.
>> It is. Okay. We got more about that. Uh
plus this Asia market rally that seems
to be broading out a little bit here as
well. We'll break down have that market
update coming up. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Now, Bloomberg has
learned that China's biggest airlines
have begun dividing up this 500 plane
order. A lot, right, uh, for Airbus
jets. Beijing has yet to announce a
deal, of course, which has been
overshadowed by uncertainties around
tariffs. Daniel Lee, our aviation
reporter, is here with us to talk us
through what's this what's going on
right now.
>> Yeah, we've got this mega order that
China is going to hand to Airbus. uh not
yet officially announced but what we
understand is uh China has gone to the
domestic airlines the big airlines China
southern China eastern uh air China and
others just to say look how many
airplanes do you want and they're
dividing up the orders so big three
airlines uh they're going to get 100
aircraft each according to people even
matter and then the rest of the orders
will filter down uh so it's a
significant moment because you know this
is the Chinese airlines need more
airlines to replace their existing
fleets and they need more aircraft to
expand. But this does also come against
the backdrop of making orders in a
pretty tense geopolitical trade
situation that China has been engaged
with Brussels about uh for you know
several months now.
>> Yeah. Tell us a bit more about this
then. What does this mean for this whole
kind of rivalry between Airbus and
Boeing? Obviously they've been winding
some Chinese orders as well. Where where
do that stand? Where does things stand
now on that front? At the moment, this
would uh put Airbus ahead depending
whenever the orders are announced. Uh
but you also have to look at someone
like Karmac, China's domestic plane
maker, someone that Beijing has
championed for a couple of decades now.
And uh it has won orders in the past,
but I think the reflection of the fact
that China still has to rely on on on
western technology, western jets in
order to to prop up its aviation system
aviation system, which will have which
will filter through for still many
decades to come. So I think you know for
the here and now come still will have a
share but it still won't over it won't
you know surpass the likes of Airbus and
Boeing in the near or even the midterm.
>> All right Danny thank you Danny Lee
there with that Bloomberg scoop uh and
certainly a big one for your team here
but yeah that certainly is a big order
of 500 uh jets uh there according to
their reporting as well. All right, some
of the corporate news that we're
watching this morning as well. Keeping
an eye on biotech stocks after Chinese
Premier Lee Chang emphasized the need
for stronger support for the sector.
Now, in a visit to Beijing labs and drug
makers, he called for more tech and
policy backing, saying the industry
holds vast market potential. Lee also
urged companies to deepen global ties,
harness AI, and improve drug pricing
systems. Bloomberg has also learned that
Tamasic is considering one of its
biggest organizational overhauls in
years to boost returns and efficiency.
Sources say Singapore's state-owned
investor may divide its business into
three arms, focus on domestic, foreign,
and fund investments. The move would
fundamentally restructure the
51-year-old giant amid rising pressure
to deliver higher returns and streamline
operations. Bloomers been told city
hired a law firm to investigate
complaints about the behavior of its
wealth management chief Andy Sie. Now
sources say SEK has drawn complaints
from current and former staff accusing
him of intimidating and unfairly
sidelining employees since joining the
bank two years ago. We're told the
inquiry has been completed, but city
declined to comment on its outcome.
>> Now Microsoft is limiting Chinese
company's access to early warnings about
flaws in its technology. This follows an
investigation into whether a leak
actually led to then a series of hacks
exploiting some of the gaps in its
SharePoint software. Let's bring in
Belle, our Asia tech correspondent to
tell us what's going on here.
>> Yeah, so it's it's a change that came
about last month actually. So that's
what we've learned, but a lot of details
to it. Sort of at the headline, one of
the key things to understand is that
Microsoft operates what's called the
Microsoft Active Protections Program or
MAP. And the goal of that is to give
security software companies the ability
to to learn early details on flaws and
then also to make changes or provide
updated protections for their customers.
In turn it operates worldwide but what's
happening now is that access is going to
be limited in countries where map
participants need to report
vulnerabilities to their governments and
that includes in China. Uh you said
about those series of hacks. SharePoint
was the latest on that. We have reported
previously that there actually have been
a concern that hackers could have been
aided by MAP partners leaking the flaws.
So that was one of the concerns there
that the the the yeah it was creating
further vulnerabilities. So now places
or MAP participants in places like China
won't be receiving any sort of advanced
warnings. They're not going to get any
real details on the on the flaws as
well. They'll just get general ones
instead and they'll come when the
security fixes are released.
>> Okay. You've been tracking what's been
happening on with this journal report
about Meta freezing their AI hiring.
We're hearing from the spokesperson of
Meta now Andy Stone. So he's commenting
in an expost that and confirming this
report. So there's a temporary pause on
some hiring at its AI units. This is of
course after what's been a very very
fierce hiring spree.
>> Yeah. And it seems like maybe that's
that's reached its limit. Yeah.
Essentially, I mean, yesterday we were
reporting about how Meta is going to be
breaking uh its its AI division into
four separate teams under the leadership
of Alexander Wong, who's the chief AI
officer. This is sort of a continuation
of that. So, they're saying that yes,
we're going to be breaking into four
teams. In addition, we won't be making
any more new AI hires. I mean, they've
hired maybe in Wall Street Journal is
saying about 50 people over the past few
months. That includes 20 from OpenAI
alone. And essentially they're just
trying to make sure that they're best
capitalizing on the people that they've
already secured. And as you said, we've
heard from that that spokesperson. There
was also a spokesperson commenting to to
the journal as well, but just saying
it's basic organizational planning that
that's being carried out.
>> Yeah. There's only so many hundreds of
millions you can offer in these packets.
>> Well, billions as well. I mean, there
was, you know, huge huge pay packets.
Yeah.
>> Quite a bit of spending there.
>> At some point, you're rewarding
greediness.
>> Well, I wouldn't turn it down, but okay.
>> No, not at all. All right, it just goes
to show, right? Maybe um we are seeing
signs of that spending spree coming to a
halt, right? Um particularly some of the
big names like Meta. All right, Bel
bringing us the updates on those two
stories here. We got plenty more ahead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
>> Right, welcome back. Uh shares of
PopMart have now reversed the early
gains. Uh but again it's too early in
the day to really determine how this is
going to close. If you look at what
happened yesterday, we were trading at
about this level or if not lower and
then we closed 12% higher. Many labubus
and the sustainability concerns over uh
the allure and appeal of labus was
addressed to some extent.
>> Yeah. With many Laboos. Um, but yeah, I
remember when we brought that up, a lot
of people in our newsroom were quite
excited about that. Lapu Gold. Uh, yeah,
that was some pretty good earnings as
well. It seems like we're coming off uh
after that surge that we saw in the back
of those earnings yesterday here as
well. is certainly one thing we're
watching here. So, the dairy company is
considering selling a minority stake of
about 20% in an ice cream ban. I I think
it's called ICE.
>> Um, but yes, they're working now with
Yeah. with an A.
>> Shares are down 1% here.
[Music]
Welcome back to the China show. Here's a
look at the CSI 300. A half hour into
the session. Looks like we are extending
those gains here once again. Albeit
we've come off some of the initial sort
of optimism at the start of the open
just you know 30 minutes in but still we
were tracking talking about how things
closed at the highest in about 3 years
yesterday. So we're just extending that
here today. Msei China though not
looking as good here right now but we're
still kind of in the thick of earning
season here right now Dave but there's
still a lot of questions whether this
this equity rally we've seen can
actually start spreading to other parts
of the market too. Yeah, I think when
you look at the Asia market, you know,
our colleagues put out a really good
piece yesterday about, you know, more
the broading out rally, more members in
the Shanghai comp, for example,
exhibiting either trading above the
50-day moving average or at 52- week
highs, right? So, the breath is
improving.
>> Um, plus you toss in local media
commentary, I think the CSJ this morning
reporting that insurers are now seen as
increasing their allocations even
further to equity markets, right? And I
think it's banks again, high dividend
stocks specifically and tech as the main
uh targets if that wasn't obvious going
into I think uh that's really been the
pocket of the market that's been bought
up. So yeah, so we talked about CSI 300.
We were getting close to 3,800 which is
a level we haven't seen I believe in
about 10 years I think on the Shanghai
cop or flat right now as far as that's
concerned. Pretty punchy fix about 45
minutes back here. Strongest since uh
November of last year. So let's just
take stock right. So how far have these
benchmarks actually rallied from the
bottom in 2024? You're going to see it
on your screens come up very very
shortly. I think the China is up I think
was it 60% CSI is up 30% and then I
think you have Thank you so much. Here
we go. 36% CSI 40 Shenzhen is 65 and
then you get to 70% in the China X
index. Uh this is actually
I'm going to correct myself. This is not
a one-year chart by the way. This is the
rally from the bottom in 2024. So I I'm
sorry for that. Anyway,
>> a little bit of clarity, but yes.
>> Yeah. Um, we do make mistakes every now
and then
>> despite us maybe looking
>> it's still telling the same story,
right? That, you know, Chinese markets
in some ways are are doing quite well
still despite what we're seeing
externally when people are questioning
what's going on in the US growth
concerns there. Uh, what what whether
the Fed can start to cut and whether
these valuations are looking a little
bit pricey when it comes to the tech
space as well, right? We where we did
see a fourth straight day where mega cap
tech is selling off in some ways. So
certainly um maybe there is some shelter
still in this China story right now.
>> Yeah. And I think Howard Marx made a
very good point on that too. Right. The
>> start of a bubble.
>> The start of a bubble. There is no im
visible catalyst though that would pop
the bubble I think was one of the
comments he made after he did make that
observation that he we are in the early
days of a US policy.
>> Yeah. No alarm bells right now
>> but certainly maybe the early onset of
something. But certainly you know that
does lead to you know maybe we do need
more fundamental support in this equity
rally to really Yeah. and China
specifically, right? Because that's the
the reason why long only funds are still
a little bit skeptical, right? You're
not getting the fundamentals and you're
not getting, you know, the macro picture
improving just yet and you're not
getting economic momentum, right? I
think we've had the likes of JP Morgan
Wendy was saying, you know, at least for
now, earnings are resilient. But we've
seen right when they actually when these
earnings and these companies actually
deliver,
>> price action is quite right, fierce,
right? Yeah,
>> I mean look at PopMart for example,
which has already been a very hot stock
and you can hit record gains from just
talking about mini Laboos, right?
>> Again, 24 hours can't stop talking about
>> 24 hours into that. So, I was going to
we were joking early on like if they
actually came out and this is a maybe a
collab potential with Laoo Gold, if they
came up with a
>> gold laboo,
>> a gold labu earring, I would leave
brought that up, that idea.
>> I would dawn that.
>> You would wear that on air
>> if my boss is allowed. So if my bosses
are listening, there's a hard decision
to be made there if in fact
>> consumption on steroids.
>> Yes,
>> David would be the model for that.
>> Price for perfection as they say in
these markets, right? So the fundamental
story Ivon is pointing out there, right?
The markets rallying in China, liquidity
has really driven that rally. It's point
number one. And point number two is are
we making the right global assumptions
on growth and inflation. If you ask the
Fed what they're more concerned about,
the minutes overnight told us it's
inflation. It's not so much the labor
market, right? So with equity markets at
this price and things seem to be headed
in the direction that we don't really
have we haven't really priced inflation
properly are we headed into a
challenging environment for uh for
global markets
>> then again it was I mean that that
meeting was before that jobs report came
out that's true
>> when we actually started to see the
revisions and the like right so you know
is it a bit stale right now you know and
and really does it really show how
policymakers are thinking about rate
cuts moving forward here but yeah
Jackson Hole I mean that's that's that's
going to be the verdict Right.
>> Yeah,
>> maybe we'll see.
>> No, we're asleep by then. Oh, we'll read
about it on Saturday.
>> Let's bring ESM, the multiasset
portfolio manager at Fidelity. He's
watching all things
>> uh cross assets and the like here. Um,
obviously there's been a lot of concerns
about this global equity rally starting
to see some signs of strain right now.
Howard Mark's talking about
>> potentially signs of a bubble.
>> Are you seeing are you are you sharing
those views? I'm not sure I'd go as far
to say a bubble, but if you look at
valuations, whether it's the S&P, we're
back at the sort of P levels that we got
to in 2021 or even late last year where
they really struggled to make further
valuation gains and you're kind of
potentially picking up pennies in front
of the next big correction. So, and
another way to look at it is credit
markets where you've got spreads,
whether it's an investment grade or high
yield spread levels so tight that you on
a one-year basis, you don't expect to
make money over government bonds. So,
how do you invest in that environment
when the fundamentals are still good,
but the valuations are tight,
seasonality is bad? You know, we've
been, for instance, really lightening up
on credit, going to almost zero as kind
of a bit of a tail hedge. you can buy
puts quite cheaply, but also you want to
stay invested and you know if you want
to play the AI theme, there are slightly
better priced ways of doing that. You
can buy uh Taiwan stocks in uh in this
region, you can look uh further down the
supply chain in Europe. Um so we're
staying invested, but we're trying to
find some ways to kind of hedge some of
that uh downside risk particularly in
the the dicey summer months where you do
get uh some odd moves to the downside
every so often.
>> What do you make of earning season? goes
into the fundamental story you just
pointed out.
>> Yeah. So the the number one test I think
for this earnings season putting China
aside for for a second was can the tech
stocks deliver and they did not just on
their their own earnings but promising
some visibility on on further capital
expenditure on on AI. So that's given at
least a life not to just those stocks
but also some of the related trades that
that we like you know the grid and data
center buildout names in Europe
everything down the chain sort of copper
miners that uh that are feeding into
that. So I think valuations aside that
trend continues um and I think that's
why you've had a strong August which uh
at least so far when that can often be a
tougher time for markets. uh you manage
a a multi-asset dynamic inflation fund.
I'm just wondering in terms of
inflation, there seems to be a growing
divide among the Fed about whether to
really be concerned about inflation
being sticky or not. And we still
haven't seen that much of a tariff pass
through. But the market seems to be
brushing that all aside here right now.
Should it be?
>> I like to think not what the Fed should
do, but but what the Fed will do. And
it's interesting, not talking about
September versus December, but looking
at one year, the composition of the Fed
and the people that are voting on
monetary policy is going to look quite
different. We're obviously going to have
a different governor, sorry, a different
chair replacing Fed Powell, a couple of
other appointments from from President
Trump. And given that already the Fed is
so finely split between those that think
maybe they shouldn't cut interest rates
this year, next year we end closer to
4%. you're the Hawks and about half are
dovish thinking yeah definitely two cuts
this year maybe and next year closer to
three the balance is going to shift in
favor of those doves I think we're going
to be more willing to look through
tariff driven inflation as if it was
just a consumption tax hike and nothing
kind of more persistent and that's going
to have um significant impacts on
markets when you've got this more
doubbish policy looking out a year from
now
>> I mean it's such a strange next 12
months as you were just earlier pointing
out, right? The fact that we're talking
about the need for some form of
inflation hedge going into an easing
cycle, like how do you construct a
strategy around that sort of environment
over the next 12 months?
>> Sure, there's a few ways you can do it.
One uh obvious investment that we
continue to like is gold where with
stubborn inflation, falling policy rates
and large fiscal deficits mainly in the
US but also you know uh in in other
parts of the world too. Gold is a great
hedge for that. You can buy inflation
swaps um which can essentially turn the
the nominal assets that you own whether
it's bonds or equities into real assets.
And also we just look beyond US
treasuries
um for for our fixed income exposure. So
there's plenty of places in in emerging
markets from for well what I'm from I'm
from the UK you know yesterday we had
inflation coming in nearly 4%.
>> Bank of England still is cutting
interest rates. You know in South Africa
you've got inflation at their 3% target
and yields are above 9%. you know, you
look in Latin America, Mexico doing a
fiscal contraction, you're getting some
really attractive carry and so we look
there for our fixed income exposure uh
while avoiding say the long end of the
US yield curve, avoiding uh guilts and
bunts.
>> Do you suspect you'll be increasing your
non-dollar exposure then significantly
from from here on I think is the other
question to that. Maybe you were just
alluding to that too. Yeah, in in this
environment where US growth is going to
slow, we firmly believe that probably
not a recession. Uh nothing's really
pointing to that now, but slowing to to
below trend, Fed Reserve cutting, maybe
even despite sticky inflation, that's
quite a good environment. I'm not going
to say the dollar is going to sell off
significantly,
>> but it's a good environment for emerging
market assets, emerging market carry,
you know, whether that's on the the
local government bond side or the
currencies. Um, that's where we see the
highest risk reward right now.
>> And should we still expect the dollar to
be detached from rate differentials,
yields in the long end given the fiscal
concerns that you mentioned just now? I
would put more emphasis on the the front
end of the yield curve and the fact that
um the Federal Reserve is going to be
cutting interest rates um as something
that's going to cap the dollar uh over
the next 6 to 12 months.
>> How are you looking at equities this
part of the world including China? I
think this week we've seen a wobble.
Didn't last long though. You know, tech
for example, Taiwan and Korea for
example did see a bit of a wobble
yesterday.
There's a lot of different stories in
Asia and while we play it quite
tactically, there's there's a lot to uh
be interested in. So I think Taiwan,
it's more that structural AI play, but
it's slightly uh more attractive
valuations. So there's definitely a
strong case for Taiwan. It's an area we
like. Korea, we've had uh some more
export data. That's a really good
leading indicator of of earnings. And so
one on the earnings side, the
semiconductor cycle and the Korean
exports point to pretty good
fundamentals in Korea. And obviously
you've also got um the new government,
new administration
specifically bringing policies to try
and boost valuations in the way that
you've seen in Japan. So Korea is
another place that we like uh a way to
diversify out of developed markets and
actually we see the semiconductor cycle
broadening out and that should be quite
good for Korea as well. Then there's
China.
You know, there's there's a hundred
different markets within China alone. Um
what I think is interesting is looking
into we had by do earnings of course um
yesterday. Next week we get some of the
other e-commerce names. I still think
that's a really interesting part of the
market. You've got less uh competition.
you've got less overcapacity issue um in
the digital internet side of of China
markets
>> when you get years like 23 24 it shows
that this really can be a sector that's
growth at a reasonable price um and
given the macro backdrop of perhaps a
bit of a thaw between US and China on
trade that might bring more capital into
the Chinese markets from from overseas
investors. I think that that ch internet
digital bit is is a really interesting
place to be.
>> Ian, thank you so much. Nice to see you.
Looks like your strategy is set to be a
good conditions for you. Ian's strategy
there. Ian Ian Samson a multiasset
portfolio manager if it wasn't clear.
Dynamic inflation fund. There you go.
Out of Fidelity, right, coming up here
on the China show, earnings, we talked
about that. Can Sino Bologics, I think
the stock is up 100% over the last year
or so. um narrowing loss, higher
revenue. The co-founder, chairman, and
CEO joins us in a few minutes. This is
Mumba.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. We've been tracking the biotech
sector very closely. I mean certainly
this entire year today in particular um
after Chinese Premier Lee Chang vowed to
boost support for the sector and really
zooming in on one specific company Ken
Sign Biologics reporting earnings
yesterday. the numbers on your screens,
narrower loss, higher revenue. The stock
has done on your screens as well phen
phenomenally well as far as the stock is
concerned. It's underperformed the
benchmark, but you know that is
relatively speaking the benchmark is up
uh about 100%. So uh let's get a sense
of the company's direction short-term
and of course do we see the the rosy
days again back during a few years ago
of course when we did see the stock
price on this one specifically much much
higher than that it does seem though the
company is delivering on many fronts
let's get an update exclusively joining
us now is Shrifong co-founder CEO and
chairman at Canino Biologics Dr. you.
Thank you so much. It's always a
pleasure to be speaking to you after the
release of your results. Tell us how do
you how do you think you guys did in the
last in the last reporting period?
Well, thanks uh Dave to give us this
opportunity certainly and as you can see
from uh you know the past few years uh
we climb up after the pandemic uh period
primarily driven by our innovative
vaccine hazia uh go to the market. I
think we can now experience the uh the
uh market acceptance for the high
quality innovative vaccines. uh as you
can see from the sales number the first
half year of our Mahesia per mill you
know the is uh the sales revenue is over
380 million Chinese yan uh it is it and
it occupied big percentage of the
private market of the the same category
uh vaccines
>> okay um tell us a bit more about
obviously
you you you're also there's a theme
about you talking about bringing your
vaccines outside of China.
>> Yeah.
>> I was wondering if you could tell us a
bit more about your plans uh for global
expansion here. Do you have any numbers
you can share in terms of uh what you've
done so far in terms of people
vaccinated or even revenue?
Well uh going to the global market uh it
takes time from the registration
clinical trials uh until the uh you know
uh lensure and you know
uh sales uh uh we are working with
multiple countries with multiple
partners uh to uh license our product uh
include Mahesia our CO 19 vaccine which
are already licensed for multiple
countries. We still experience some uh
demand although it's small uh but
Mahesia's demand is certainly going up
and uh we are in the process of
registration for multiple countries and
as you may already see our announcement
we have licensed in Indonesia and we
will have a shipment later part of this
year and we are experienc we we're
expecting uh our Mahesia
primarily you know this first commercial
product will be launched in multiple
countries in the coming year in the
coming year uh in term of the uh volume
or or sales I think we will have to uh
uh
cl define that in the later time
but I certainly see the international
product is is is you know the same
category is growing the demand trend is
there.
>> Yeah. In fact, later on I want to get
your thoughts on what you think the
trends will be in the United States
given let's just call it the regulatory
environment taking place there as far as
vaccine specifically is concerned Dr. U,
but can I just ask you as well you guys
got approval for your numacco I'm not
sure if I'm pronouncing that properly
vaccine back in July. What's what's your
outlook for that specific product?
uh the numacco conjugate vaccine is uh
actually improved version like u fiser's
uh primar we call that anusia uh which
preventing certain veilent certain
stereotypes of numacco infection uh our
clinical trials indicating it's actually
better suited for Chinese market because
the most common four stereotypes we
actually have a better protection
compared with other uh similar product.
Uh currently we are expecting our first
battery release in the coming months and
uh uh you know in China market you need
to have this uh for most province you
need to have this uh batch release uh uh
confirmation to get uh market entries.
Uh although uh this is for most
province, we already have uh uh three
province uh accepting our uh vaccine to
listing their uh immunization uh as a as
a choice. Uh we are expecting uh next
year this product will be uh really
cover most of the uh market uh uh in
China. At the same time, we are working
with our international partners try to
bring this product to the international
market.
>> Yeah. You mentioned a little bit more
about how you're competing with with
Fizer's Prevnar 13. You say it's an
improved version. I'm just wondering how
how do you plan to compete with the
likes of Fizer and maybe more domestic
rivals? Is is it going to be due to
price? Can you price it lower?
uh our price actually is in the public
domain uh uh which we uh uh I think in
the in in the par with other
competitors. Uh I think uh it's really
driven by our u scientific understanding
and medical uh you know uh needs for how
we can better protect the most important
stereotypes in Chinese market. I think
people will uh understand the value of
this product and also uh I think with
consign
uh reputation and branding of our uh
past I think uh people will uh I I
expecting people will accept this in the
better ways. Yeah.
>> Okay. Dr. for you just to clarify as
well since it's been approved and you
mentioned the timeline here can are you
expecting to realize revenue from this
specific vaccine this reporting period
in other words if we you know if we talk
to you in 6 months time will we be
talking about a revenue boost because of
this specific vaccine
>> uh I don't expecting it will contribute
significantly of this vaccine because as
I mentioned this this past next six
months will primarily driven our market
entry uh market access uh size. Yeah.
>> Okay.
>> I would expecting next year.
>> Next. Okay. Next year.
>> Thank you. Thank you for that.
>> Thanks for clarifying that, doctor. Um I
was wondering when it comes to virus
cases as well. We've been reporting a
little about this whole surge of chicken
virus cases. Um can you tell us a bit
more about, you know, there hasn't been
any vaccines for it yet. Can you tell
us, you know, is is there a reason why?
And is this something that you're
looking into?
>> Uh actually just one correction there is
one vaccine available. It's licensed in
UK EU European Union and it's licensed
in US and we certainly closely watching
what's going on with this
disease right in the South China.
>> No no Chinese companies yet though right
Dr. U. No, no Chinese company but
globally there's one uh life attenuate
vaccine available. So uh in fact uh this
uh we we know that company and we are
closely dis understanding how this
vaccine works whether it will uh have
some you know uh potential that uh
helped to preventing the situation in
China. uh but this is very uh prelim
preliminary. We need to understand the
better of this vaccine because this is
not really uh has been highly public you
know notice the disease in China.
>> Well speaking of Dr. I'm not sure if you
remember you know we started speaking
with each other during COVID and of
course I think at that point you also
had that inhaled vaccine and you know
since that point in time I'm just you
you know it as well I'm looking at your
business your share price is down your
revenues are down
>> um uh your net income is down can you
give us an outlook for the next three to
five years do you see you being able to
return to the business that you guys had
uh during COVID for example and what do
you think will drive you to that point?
Well, I think our goal uh is to make uh
our business break even this year. I
think a very we are very close to our
goal. As you can see the revenue uh
generation and the net loss is very
narrow uh now to the uh you know the uh
net gain point. uh I expecting we'll
have a better uh you know uh outcomes
towards the end of the year if uh you
know the nothing changes uh you know uh
and uh certainly uh with uh three or
four new product launch in the next
years to come I will certainly see our
revenue should uh go up and uh
especially you know uh with the new
product which we are also the first in
class in in China. So I would expecting
uh this market uh acceptance will go
high like our diptheranis component
potassis pediatric combos and our tanis
dipia componentis four to six years old
and also our mahesia the ninja cargo
coralent vaccine also extended the
indication to the to the adolescence and
and the adults. So I hope this will
generate give us a new revenue source to
to continue uh the business growth.
>> Dr. Yu, it's great to have you as
always. Dr. Shang Yu there, co-founder,
CEO and chairman at Canino Biologics and
as he was speaking shares up to 5% here
this morning in Hong Kong. TV goes where
you watch all those interviews including
the one that we just had. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are heading that lunch break here right
now. And we are seeing when it comes to
equity markets are slightly on offer
here today. we're down about 6/10 of 1%
and kind of following a little bit of
that text sell off there but it you know
it seems like right now uh you know
we're still waiting for a lot of things
right whether it is uh earnings whether
it's Jackson Hole so a bit of a holding
pattern right now
>> yeah um and you I wonder how J Pal's
going to phrase this really I'm really I
know we always countdown to the Jackson
Hall meeting and but certainly right now
because there are I would say
conflicting signals but the data is not
as clear-cut this time around going into
that. Plus, of course, you have some uh
questions around personnel. Uh just to
also mention going into the Japanese
lunch break, the 20-year bond actually
is now at the highest since 19 bond
yield specifically, highest since 19 uh
99. So, that's at least a consistent
theme that's gone through.
>> And that's after the bond auction, too,
right? Uh and the 30-year yield also
edging closer to an all-time high. We're
at what 318 levels here right now. So,
that brings it back to when that first
tener was introduced. uh that same year
1999. So there you go. Um but then
again, the rest of the age is looking
better, right? We're we're pretty flat
right now. US futures are slightly to
the upside here. The dollar is catching
a slight bid. Uh but it is pretty quiet
out there, but it gives us time to
really break down a lot of the earnings,
right? You're watching semis, too.
>> Yeah. And I think our if I can get our
producers to bring that up uh we showed
a board earlier on of this rebound we're
seeing today in the likes of TSMCsk high
>> I think discore advent was the one uh
that was in earlier on and that that
rebound that we're seeing as far as the
semis is concerned is really what's
driving some of these benchmarks right
now right and I think the big drop that
we had in TSMC yesterday there we go so
Samsung is up TSMC and so apart from
this also a lot of the big the big sort
of consumer plays in China right so I'm
talking about PopMart for one, that
stock's been doing very well. It's been
popping quite substantially. Mini Laboo,
uh, Laoo Gold, we talked about that,
too. And of course, the other stock
we're also watching in reaction to a lot
of these earnings is BU, right? So
shares were down overnight. Shares are
down as we speak. And yeah, the the
biggest quarterly decline in revenues in
about 3 years. There we go. We're down
about 2%. Intelligence says the outlook
remains highly challenged here with its
AI ventures expected to remain
unprofitable
that's not good for the next three
years.
>> Let's bring in Robert Lee our senior
analyst on more on BU. Uh what did you
make of the results? I mean just given
it seems like how bad the numbers were.
Are you surprised by the reaction? Yeah.
Well, um obviously markets tend to price
these things ahead of time and the
underlying weakness uh has been well
known or the weakness in uh P's business
has been relatively well known and well
understood by the market for some
considerable period. And if you for
clients on the terminal if you go on the
function EEG, you'll see the earnings
estimates have been progressively
brought down by the sell side over the
course of really the last two years or
so. So expectations were quite low going
into the results. Um and technically
there was a small beat mainly driven by
cost cutting
but the the the fundamental outlook for
their core business which ultimately is
a search engine business. BU
historically has been referred to as the
Google of China that remains extremely
uncertain and clouded by ongoing
weakness mainly because there are many
other ways um to search these days. You
know the the market is moving and
evolving on. So what they're doing on
that front is investing heavily in AI to
try and uh bring AI enhanced search uh
to their to their offering. But
obviously that comes at a cost and
that's depressing their margins. In the
meantime, obviously advertisers are
going to spend their dollars where
consumer eyeballs are. And unfortunately
for BU, it's not their platform. It's
short video platforms. It's the Doians,
it's the Billy Billies, it's the 10
cents of this world. So the core cash
generative business at the core of what
they do is under immense pressure at the
moment at a time when they're investing
very heavily in AI uh which is as you
mentioned in your intro not generating
any substantial returns um and they're
also investing heavily in robo taxis
similarly that is not generating any
meaningful financial return
>> um our China correspondent Minman
earlier on made a very good observation
I think she said it's it's rare like a
lot of friends don't use BU for search
anymore, right? They go on social media,
that's where you do the search. And the
reason I bring that up is what what went
wrong with BU and is AI actually the way
to to bring them out? If it's not, what
is?
>> I think the weakness in a core search
engine business has actually been
apparent and known for some time.
>> Yes.
>> Mainly because again you you can search
on WeChat, you can search on Alibabas
tools. There's there's a plethora of
earnings there in the market, a lot of
alternatives. And obviously in terms of
the the younger generation, generation Z
are using different platforms like uh
Xiaong Shu, Red Note uh and others. So
um they would tend to search through
those platforms which has left legacy
platforms like BU and also way has left
them behind to some degree. And again,
Wayore reported last week we saw uh you
know very weak performance on their
advertising. Again, in complete contrast
to the likes of Tencent um and Billy
Billy whose advertising is still growing
in the high teens or low 20s rate. So I
I guess there's a generational shift
there. Um but the problem for BU is it's
investing heavily in AI and robo taxis
at a time when these businesses are
really uh well they're lossmaking and
they're not generating or or unlikely to
generate any meaningful return. So this
additional investment spend is really uh
acting as an additional headwind to
their margin progression. I mean on the
reported numbers last night the gross
margins were down over 900 basis points
year-over-year. And in terms of
operating margins, this business used to
do well over 20%, we're now down in the
low teens. So there's been a really
significant margin compression in the
business. Um, and that is one of the
reasons why in a China context or Hong
Kong context, BU has been one of the
weakest performing um, tech stocks.
>> What can it do to come back and is that
even possible, Robert?
>> Okay, I think as I've maybe said before,
I mean ultimately they're a medium-sized
business. They lack the scale and
resources of the likes of Tencent,
Alibaba or Huawei. I think they are too
thinly spread. I mean they had some f
they had some market leadership first
mover advantage in AI which has rapidly
eroded um as the big guys in crude terms
have moved in. So it's become
increasingly difficult for them to
compete on equal terms. They just can't
match the resources of 10-centent etc.
And then again, if you go back to
Tencent's results last week, Tencent at
least has scope to apply AI internally
in its business to at least generate
some short-term payback on that
investment. For example, they're using
it in ad placement and to accelerate
games development. BYU can't really do
that, but it's too thinly spread. you
know, they're chasing dreams in robo
taxis, they're tracing dreams in AI, and
all this comes at a considerable cost
while their core cash generative engine
is under immense pressure. So, I think
we need some change in strategy. We saw
a new CFO come in uh who was introduced
on the call last night. Maybe he will
bring a fresh approach, but I think
that's it. A new strategy, a fresh
approach. The status quo cannot
continue. The share price says
everything.
>> All right, Robert. Thank you, Robert
Lee. there our Bluick Intelligence
senior analyst on BU. We got to check
Tencent here right now. A pretty
interesting line of report came through.
Uh according to one of their I think
it's called app figures. So they're
talking about Valorant Mobile has earned
over $1 million on day one in China. So
it tops the iPhone downloads in the
mainland here right now. And the stock
is up. Uh, but yeah, this is on the back
of what we heard just yesterday or a few
days ago where I think Wukong, remember
that video game David making a sequel. I
think there's something in the works
>> and that's even without you or me
downloading it and trying it. I can
certainly guarantee I'm not part of the
1 million but not needed.
>> Yeah, but but even when it comes Yeah,
definitely for that. Then when it comes
to the Wukong sequel, right, the the key
thing is that there's a new player,
right? They're calling it Blackmith Jong
Koi.
So you can play not with Wukong but Jong
>> Oh,
>> okay. Not sure.
>> You don't know if you're ancestral gods?
>> No.
>> Yes.
>> No. There's a We'll talk about it later.
I think we're running out of time. Okay.
Um there's a Reuters report out and it's
driving crypto stocks to the upside.
It's coming up on your screens very
shortly. Uh Reuters reporting that the
state council
um is will review and potentially
approve a roadmap for the expanded yuan
use global later this month uh as far as
expanded yuan use and including
>> stable coins. There we go. So that's
really driving this one uh this cohort
uh of equidames to to the upside.
>> Yeah. I did talk to Bonnie Chen about
this as well given that Hong Kong just
approve, you know, went and started
stable coin legislation ordinance,
right?
>> Um, and whether they are looking into
even, you know, building that sort of
infrastructure to, you know, fund these
transactions and these new sort of
digital asset products. And, you know,
she says, look, they it's obviously a
big topic, but then, you know, it's
still kind of a wait and see right now
how this all plays out, but certainly
it's just one of many things that we
talked to Bonnie about from Hong Kong
Exchange. uh they say that you know
she's confident that the IPO boom in
Hong Kong will continue that and that is
thanks to international investors
renewed appetite for Chinese assets and
she also told us how the exchange plans
to sustain its strong performance
following a record profit in the second
quarter.
>> You know what really uh stands out for
me for this quarter is the fact that
it's riding on a a pretty sustained
momentum. If you uh look at our results,
this is actually another set of record
uh halfearly results. Um we deliver
pretty strong set already uh for the
second half of 2024. Gradually we're
seeing a return of interest from
international investors and they want to
again look for opportunities to deploy
more capital to this part of the world.
>> The key question is is it sustainable?
What could extend this streak? We saw
this momentum started uh actually in the
second half of last year and so far it's
been sustaining quite well.
International investors are really again
focusing on China assets and I think uh
as they you know try to come back to
treasure hunt. Uh it is a very good
thing that we have equally a robust
pipeline to match their appetite. We
have currently over 200 uh companies um
already having filed their applications
and in fact you know on a daily basis
I'm speaking to a lot more. So I think
you know with the backdrop of you know
really the the interest returning uh in
earnest as well as you know all these
very exciting investment opportunities
coming online. I do hope that the uh
momentum can carry on. How confident are
you that Hong Kong can reclaim the
number one IPO venue this year?
>> At the moment, we're in a very good
position. Um, and we do have the
pipeline to, you know, help us deliver
and stay up there. Um, but, you know, to
me, the more important thing really is
to make sure that we are able to support
the fundraising needs of these
companies. And this year, I keep talking
about the IPO pipeline. We also need to
look at the follow on fundraising which
in fact has raised more money um than
the IPO proceeds. So year to date we
have raised about 16 billion US close to
17 for you know uh by way of IPOs but we
have actually more than $40 billion US
raised by companies already listed on
our exchange. So long as we continue to
support the uh fundraising needs of
these companies, we continue to improve
our listing framework. you still do
doing a lot of marketing or do you think
companies are starting to come to you
now?
>> Well, I I think both. I mean, companies
certainly I think uh saw how well we've
done in the uh IPO space and so I think
on the average I probably meet two to
three companies per day and uh I want to
expand the universe a little bit. I
think it's very encouraging that in the
past few months we have seen an
increased appetite of companies uh
beyond just the mainland China. wanting
to pick Hong Kong as their listing
venue. So year to date, we've listed
companies from Thailand, from Singapore,
uh and there are more in the pipeline.
So I certainly will uh do more in terms
of this marketing activity.
>> There are those out there that that do
call this recovery you're seeing as
something that's made in China. That you
know, what you're seeing in terms of the
pipeline has been really driven by
government policy, geopolitics. Well,
first of all, I don't think I'm I'm
surprised. I mean, just considering that
China is the second largest economy of
the world and it's capable of producing
so many exciting companies which
investors around the world want to
invest in, right? So, to me, whether I
mean it's it's natural and totally um
understandable, you know, this made in
China phenomena. Um, but that said, I
mean, given that Hong Kong is an
international financial center and we
stand in the middle as a super connector
between mainland China and the rest of
the world, what I would like to see is
to really continue um bringing more uh
participants into the universe.
>> And that was Hong Kong's J CEO Bonnie
Chen speaking with me.
>> Yeah.
>> There after their earnings came out. We
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China Show. Well, Bloomberg has learned
that Singapore state-owned investor
Tamasic is mulling one of its biggest
overhauls in years, aiming to boost
efficiency and also boost returns. Our
Asia investing reporter, David Ramley,
is here with us in our studio, has
graced us with his presence here in Hong
Kong. And yeah, David, what will this
overhaul actually entail? Well, as you
said, it at the moment it's at the
mulling stage, so nothing's completely
confirmed, but what we understand is
probably going to happen is a split
largely uh to three organizations. One
would look at mostly the domestic
concerns. Uh another would look at the
international investments and a third
would look at the fund investments that
it has. So currently it invests in
various vehicles like Aandanda 65 equity
partners. Much of that would be brought
under uh a holding company called Sevora
that already exists.
>> Okay. Uh tell us you mentioned some of
these investments that they have. Does
it have implications for outside of
Singapore then?
>> Massively. I mean apart from the
companies that were handed to Tamasc
from the government of Singapore in
1974, we're talking Singapore uh the the
telecommunications company, the the post
companies, the ports, etc. It also owns
uh huge mall operators that have major
uh I would say apartment buildings,
shopping complexes in China as well.
Capital Land, Maple Tree, things like
that. uh PSA uh the huge port operator,
it owns a big stake in that. Uh it also
owns a multi-billion stake in Black
Rockck. So quite a few international and
domestic concerns.
>> Do we you you mentioned we're just in
the mulling stage of things. Do we have
a timeline though of when we we could
possibly them start this exercise?
>> Well, the hope is that it'll be in the
coming weeks and months to our
understanding
>> soon. Okay.
>> Yeah. One uh kind of funny aside is that
uh one of the motivations was the F1 uh
the Formula 1 Grand Prix coming up in
Singapore.
>> Yeah.
>> Some that's in October, early October.
Some had thought that that would be a
good opportunity to explain to the
international stakeholders who are
likely to come and sit in Tamasics
corporate box.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah.
>> But do they say why they're doing it?
And and and really do you think it's
going to work?
>> Yeah. Well, whether or not it'll work is
very much uh this is such early days and
any huge change of this magnitude will
cause a lot of friction uh which in and
of itself would slow things down but uh
it could potentially uh increase the
efficiencies. There are a lot of
overlapping businesses in the Tamasc
portfolio especially in that domestic
portion and so you could see a lot of
M&A activity there. What it does to the
jobs of Singaporeans that's yet to be
decided. Okay, David, it's great to have
you here in Hong Kong. David Ramley,
there are Asia investing reporter
joining us here right now. We're
watching AIA shares though. They are
slightly to the downside here today
after reporting a 16% increase in value
of new business in the first half of
2025. Now, the group CFO Gones told us
exclusively the firm saw growth across
13 of its markets.
>> We're very pleased with the first half
performance of the business. We saw an
excellent set of uh financial results
and operating results. In both growth of
the business, the earnings growth uh and
in the growth in the value of the cash
generation that we have uh the value of
new business which is our key growth
measure grew by 14% while our operating
profit after tax grew by 12% per share
and our underlying free surplus
generation which is our key operating
cash measure that grew by 10%. I think
importantly the growth was broad best
broad-based we saw uh growth in 13 of
our markets uh across the business with
Hong Kong our largest market growing by
24% to $1.1 billion uh we saw growth in
ASEAN that was up 20% uh with
particularly strong growth in Singapore
and in Thailand uh we saw growth in
India that was up 38% and China grew by
10% on an underlying basis
Uh also in in the first half we returned
$3.7 billion to shareholders and I think
our confidency outlook for the future is
reflected in the 10% increase in the
dividend. So overall we're very very
pleased with the performance a strong
performance for the half year.
>> You talk about the Hong Kong performance
some of it also driven by mainland
customers. How strong do you see the
demand from there going forward? Could
you put maybe some numbers to it? Yeah,
we saw very strong growth in the uh
mainland Chinese visitor segment that
was up by 30%. It's around half of our
business, but we also saw strong growth
in the domestic segment that grew by
18%. That's the other half. The business
has been growing strongly over the last
few years postco. Uh we saw strong
growth momentum building from last year
and that's continued into the first
half. As we look forward, we saw
recruitment of new agents was very
strong with 15% growth in the
recruitment and that builds the momentum
even further. So, we're confident in the
outlook for the Hong Kong business. We
see strong demand, but we also see
strong supply in terms of our agent
productivity and growth.
>> G, when it comes to mainland China, how
are you dealing with the lower rate
environment and of course your expansion
plans there? Have you seen any more
approvals when it comes to our
regulation in different provinces where
you operate?
>> In terms of the interest rates, we take
a a position where we match our assets
and liabilities for the very long term.
So the average remaining duration of our
inforce portfolio of bonds for example
is more than 30 years. um they've been
invested in the past at very high rates
and so that's given us a very strong
foundation and for the new business that
we layer on uh successive layers of
business that provide future profits uh
that we repric on a regular basis we we
repric last year we'll be repricing
again uh from the 1st of September this
year to reflect those lower interest
rates but importantly a lot of the
sources of the profit that we have in
China come from our protection business
we're a big protection business seller